mainwindow	background-color = none
hotkey_toggle	text-color = #000
hotkey_toggle	background-color = #e6b099
mainvsplit	background-color = none
input	text-color = #000
input	background-color = #d0e6e3
saybutton	text-color = #000
saybutton	background-color = #8cd0cd
mapwindow	background-color = none
outputwindow	background-color = none
rpane	background-color = none
rpanewindow	background-color = none
rulesb	text-color = #000
rulesb	background-color = none
changelog	text-color = #000 
changelog	background-color = none
reportbugb	text-color = #000
reportbugb	background-color = none
forumb	text-color = #000
forumb	background-color = none
wikib	text-color = #000
wikib	background-color = none
interfaceb	text-color = #000
interfaceb	background-color = none
discordb	text-color = #000
discordb	background-color = none
textb	text-color = #000
textb	background-color = none
browseb	text-color = #000
browseb	background-color = none
infob	text-color = #000
infob	background-color = none
browserwindow	background-color = #fff
infowindow	background-color = #fff
info	text-color = #000
info	background-color = #fff
info	highlight-color = #00aa00
info	tab-text-color = none
info	tab-background-color = none
text_editor	background-color = #fff
exit	text-color = #000
exit	background-color = #fff
save	text-color = #000
save	background-color = #fff
saveexit	text-color = #000
saveexit	background-color = #fff
textedit	text-color = #000
textedit	background-color = #fff